calm down
Stinky girl, I admit you have some skills
But you broke into the Longtan Tiger's Den alone
You are courting death
Hmph, just a few shrimp soldiers and crab generals
Dare to become Longtan Tiger's Den
You are courting death for me to kill him
Do you want him to die?
You kneel down for me now
Mother, don't listen to him
Yeah don't listen to me
Little girl, you are indeed Chen Junxiong's trump card
You kneel down for me now, and I'll let him go
Ok ok ok I kneel
Hahahahahahaha oops
I didn't expect your daughter to turn out to be quite good
I'm so sad for you
The young master and I are only next time
You fart, I'm a woman too
Don't think you don't know what's on your mind
What a pity!
He's a piece of crap.
He can't even protect himself
Can't protect you
Say it all
Chen Zhixiong, how did you find this place?